# FormFinity

Problem Statement:

Assume that you are the CTO for the outsourcing firm which has been chosen to build an
admission form for the Yoga Classes which happen every month.
Requirements for the admission form are:
- Only people within the age limit of 18-65 can enroll for the monthly classes and they will
be paying the fees on a month on month basis. I.e. an individual will have to pay the fees
every month and he can pay it any time of the month.
- They can enroll any day but they will have to pay for the entire month. The monthly fee is
500/- Rs INR.
- There are a total of 4 batches a day namely 6-7AM, 7-8AM, 8-9AM and 5-6PM. The
participants can choose any batch in a month and can move to any other batch next
month. I.e. participants can shift from one batch to another in different months but in
same month they need to be in same batch.

Assumptions For Above Problem Statement: 


1. The admission form should be designed with a user-friendly interface and should be easy to access and use. 
2. The form should be secure and encrypted to ensure the safety of the user's personal information.
3. The form should be able to accept payments in various payment methods such as debit/credit card, net banking, etc.
4. The form should be able to automatically generate invoices for each successful transaction.
5. The form should be able to generate reports with detailed information on the transactions and the enrolled participants. 
6. The form should be able to provide a platform to communicate with the enrolled participants for any updates or changes.
7. The form should be able to generate a calendar for the enrolled participants that will show the batches and the classes for each month. 
8. The form should be able to provide details of the classes offered and the fees for each batch. 
9. The form should be able to provide a list of the enrolled participants along with the batch they have chosen. 
10. The form should be able to provide an option to the participants to choose their preferred batch and make payments. 
11. The form should be able to provide an option to the participants to reschedule their classes if required.
